---
layout: default
categories: 
  - resume
title: "Kris Hartrum's Resume"
published: true
official: true
---

**Kris Hartrum******
Writer / Editor
krishartrum@gmail.com 
___________________________________________________________________

Digital Content Curator at eBay Inc / March 2014 - March 2015
• Curating and managing specialized collections for eBay.com
• Planning and executing strategies for collection marketing with in-house NY team. 

Freelance Writing & Editorial Services / December 2007 - Present
• Freelance writer, editor and content manager.
• Specializing in content writing, blogging, editing, film review, essay and interview.
• Producing and managing online content in editorial, marketing and social media capacities.

Editor/ Acquisitions / Content Manager at TYOmag / 2011 - June 2014
• Co-Founder & editor for tyomag.com & tyoindex.com.
• Acquired new artists for publication in both Japanese and English. 
• Communicated daily with artists, designers, writers and translators. 
• Conducted interviews, planned events & managed all social media.
• Wrote and edited copy for websites and print materials.
• Edited & Managed all submitted content for digital publication. 

Tokyo Correspondent at Freelance Sports Writer / November 2008 - May 2011
• Traveled long distances to cover combat sporting events including MMA, Kickboxing and Sumo.
• Wrote articles, conducted interviews and handled social media in order to promote website brand.
• Clients included Sherdog.com, MMAfighting.com, ESPN, MiddleEasy and TokyoFive.
• Worked with various online content management systems.

**Projects**

TYO / tyomag.com & tyoindex.com / September 2012 - Present
TYO is the art & literary web-space from TOKYO, JAPAN. The primary goal of TYO is to bring foreign and Japanese artists together by releasing a Japan-based project which publishes work in both English and Japanese. TYO publishes fiction, poetry, visual art, video, essay and things unknown in both Japanese and English. TYOindex.com is an ongoing blog and news source for TYO. 

Matador Sequential Presents  / October 2008 -September 2012
Independently published comic books and other creative content online and in print.

Other Experience

Curriculum Writer at ABC English Ed. / July 2011 - September 2013, Tokyo, Japan
• Wrote curriculum and classes for early childhood English education.
• Designed materials and implemented in classroom environment.
• Acted as sales person, giving demo lessons and acquiring new clients.
• Acted as liaison between Japanese staff and foreign employees. 

Curriculum Writer at Eastman World / 2009 - 2011 / Tokyo, Japan
• One of five teachers and curriculum designers for English education company.
• Wrote original content for textbooks and lesson plans.
• Acted as sales associate, teaching demo lessons to acquire new clients.
• Taught company curriculum in house and at remote locations.

**Languages**
English (Native)  
Japanese (Conversational)

**Other Activities**
2001 Interned at Shelby Star Newspaper. 
2004 Editor for Appalachian Literary Anthology.
2005 Co-founded Open Aperture Film Festival (ASU)

**Education**
Appalachian State University / 2003-2006
B.A. in English with a focus in Creative Writing. Minor in Philosophy and Religious Studies.

