---
layout: work
categories: 
  - work
published: true
title: Resume 2014
link: "http://"
type: writing
selected: false
---

# Kristopher Hartrum
(704) 920 8704
krishartrum@gmail.com / krishartrum.com
53 Broadway #709
Brooklyn, NY 11211

## Education
Appalachian State University
2003-2006
B.A. in Creative Writing, Literature.

## Goal
To obtain creative and engaging work.

## Summary
Tokyo & US based freelance writer, editor & content manager. Specializing in the production of creative content for a variety of paper and web publications including art, literature, sports writing, travel, culture, advertising, and new media. Co-founder, editor and social media manager for Tokyo based art and literary community TYO. ESL curriculum instructor, consultant and writer with over 5 years of customer service experience. Worked for a variety of schools, companies and institutions in Nagoya, Tokyo and Kawasaki City, Japan.

## Specialties
Creative Writing, Editing, Acquisitions, Public Speaking, Human Relations, Sales, Web Content Production, Social Media, Writing, Curriculum Design and Instruction.

## Relevant Experience

### Copywriter / Editor at Freelance Writing and Editorial Services
December 2010 - Present (3 years 2 months)
• Freelance writer for hire specializing in content writing, copy, editing, branding and press releases
• Clients have included Claudio Colucci Design, Tokyo, culturehome.com, screensyndrome.com, ESPN network and others
• Worked with office manager to create and edit clean, creative copy for art galleries, exhibitions, emails, press releases and video work

### Editor/ Acquisitions / Co-Founder/ TYO
October 2011 - Present (2 years 4 months)
• Project designer
• Content writer
• Co-founder. tyomag.com & tyoindex.com
• Hunted down and acquired new artists for publication in both Japanese and English
• Spread the word of said creative project throughout the city of Tokyo and abroad
• Conducted interviews. Held events to promote and celebrate TYO
• Wrote all copy for multiple websites
• Handled all social media

### Curriculum Developer/ Writer/ Instructor at ABC English Education
July 2011 - September 2013 (2 years 3 months)
• Writing curriculum and classes for early childhood English education
• Designed materials. Implemented said materials in classroom environment
• Acted as sales person to give demo lessons and acquire new clients
• Helped to train new teachers.

### Tokyo Correspondent at Freelance Sports Writer
November 2007 - May 2011 (3 years 7 months)
• Freelance writer of fight sport for mmaopinion.com, sherdog,com, headkicklegend, japan-mma.com, middleeasy.com, tokyofivebrand. 
• Traveled long distances to cover combat sporting events. 
• Wrote articles
• Conducted interviews and handled social media in order to promote work.

### Teacher / Curriculum Writer at Eastman World
December 2009 - March 2011 (1 year 4 months)
• One of five teachers and curriculum designers for English education company
• Wrote original content for textbooks and lesson plans
• Acted as sales associate teaching demonstration lessons to acquire new clients
• Taught company curriculum in house and at remote locations

### English Instructor at An English Club
March 2009 - December 2009 (10 months)
• Teacher to classes of varying sizes
• Traveled long distances to teach in private homes
• Planned and wrote original curriculum.
• Trained new employees

## Projects

### TYO art and literary community / tyomag.com & tyoindex.com
August 2012 - Present
TYO is the art & literary web-space from TOKYO, JAPAN. The primary goal of TYO is to bring foreign and Japanese artists together by releasing a Japan-based project which publishes work in both English and Japanese. TYO hopes to promote Tokyo’s art and literary culture to the world abroad. TYO publishes fiction, poetry, visual art, video, essay and things unknown in both Japanese and English.

### Matador Sequential Presents 
October 2008 -September 2012
Independently published comic books and other creative content online and on paper.

## Languages
English  (Native)  
Japanese (Conversational)

## Other Relevant Activities
2001 Interned at Shelby Star Newspaper.  
2003 Editor for Appalachian Literary Anthology.
2005 Wrote film reviews for Village Idiot newspaper in Boone, NC.

## Interests
Literature, writing, reading, film, art, travel, comedy, new media, people and combat sports.

## Personal Portfolio Website
krishartrum.com

## LinkedIn
http://linkd.in/1ijMq5F