---
layout: work
categories: 
  - work
published: false
title: Résumé
link: "http://"
type: writing
selected: true
---

## Kristopher Hartrum
(704) 920 8704
krishartrum@gmail.com / krishartrum.com
53 Broadway #709
 Brooklyn, NY 11211

**Education**
Appalachian State University
2003-2006
B.A. in Creative Writing, Literature.

**Goal**
To obtain creative and engaging work.

**Summary**
Tokyo & US based freelance writer, editor & content manager. Specializing in the production of creative content for a variety of paper and web publications including art, literature, sports writing, travel, culture, advertising, and new media. Co-founder, editor and social media manager for Tokyo based art and literary community TYO. ESL curriculum instructor, consultant and writer with over 5 years of customer service experience. Worked for a variety of schools, companies and institutions in Nagoya, Tokyo and Kawasaki City, Japan.

**Specialties**
Creative Writing, Editing, Acquisitions, Public Speaking, Human Relations, Sales, Web Content Production, Social Media, Writing, Curriculum Design and Instruction.

**Relevant Experience**
Copywriter / Editor at Freelance Writing and Editorial Services
December 2010 - Present
Writing and editing online articles, copy and press releases. Clients have included Claudio Colucci Design Tokyo, culturehome.com, screensyndrome.com, learnjapanese.com, tokyofive.com.

Editor/ Acquisitions / Co-Founder/ TYO
October 2011 - October 2013
Organized projects. Planned social events. Wrote original online copy. Managed all social media. Handled all artist/client correspondence, and acquisitions.

Curriculum Developer/ Writer/ Instructor at ABC English Education
July 2011 - September 2013
Designed curriculum and classes for early childhood English education. Chief of sales and customer relations. 


Tokyo Correspondent at Freelance Sports Writer
November 2007 - May 2011
Wrote original coverage articles and interviews for mmaopinion.com, sherdog.com, headkicklegend.com, japan-mma.com, middleeasy.com and asianmma.com.

Teacher / Curriculum Writer at Eastman World
December 2009 - March 2011 / Tokyo, Japan
Designed curriculum for English education company. Co-created original textbooks. Taught classes of varying ages and sizes. Acquired new clients.

English Instructor at An English Club
March 2009 - December 2009
Instructed classes of varying ages of children and adults. Traveled long distances to teach in private homes. Planned and wrote original curriculum.

**Projects**
TYO art and literary community / tyomag.com & tyoindex.com
August 2012 - Present
TYO is the art & literary web-space from TOKYO, JAPAN. The primary goal of TYO is to bring foreign and Japanese artists together by releasing a Japan-based project which publishes work in both English and Japanese. TYO hopes to promote Tokyo’s art and literary culture to the world abroad. TYO publishes fiction, poetry, visual art, video, essay and things unknown in both Japanese and English.

**Matador Sequential Presents**
October 2008 -September 2012
Independently published comic books and other creative content online and on paper.

**Languages**
English (Native)  
Japanese (Conversational)

**Other Relevant Activities**
2001 Interned at Shelby Star Newspaper.  
2003 Editor for Appalachian Literary Anthology.
2005 Wrote film reviews for Village Idiot newspaper in Boone, NC.

**Interests**
Literature, writing, reading, film, art, travel, comedy, people and sports.

**Personal Portfolio Website**
krishartrum.com
